Restructure Host Registration (big) (#2348)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_registration-methods.adoc

[id="registration-methods_{context}"]
= Registration Methods

> There are the following main methods for registering hosts:

Reviewer: This is a bit ambiguous to me. Maybe drop "main"? Or just say "there's global registration" and two deprecated methods?

Global registration::

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You generate a `curl` command from {Project} and run this command from an unlimited number of hosts to register them using the global registration template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate a `curl` command within {ProjectWebUI} and run it on an unlimited number of hosts to register them using the global registration template.
```

Author: I'm against this, because it's not a procedure, I'm describing the methods.

Reviewer: OK, then maybe scatch the first word?

> You generate a `curl` command from {Project} and run this command from an unlimited number of hosts to register them using the global registration template.

Reviewer 2: We have two templates that we use in the registration process, I would say
`to register them using the global registration`

+
By using this method, you can also deploy {Project} SSH keys to hosts during registration to {Project} to enable hosts for remote execution jobs.

> For more information about the remote execution jobs, see xref:Configuring_and_Setting_Up_Remote_Jobs_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:Configuring_and_Setting_Up_Remote_Jobs_{context}[].
```

IMHO the link title is good enough/contains more or less the same.

+
By using this method, you can also configure hosts with Red{nbsp}Hat Insights during registration to {Project}.

> For more information about using Insights with {Project} hosts, see xref:Using_Red_Hat_Insights_with_Hosts_{context}[].

Reviewer: same as above.

+
For more information about this method, see xref:Registering_Hosts_{context}[].

*(Deprecated)* Katello CA Consumer::

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You download and install the consumer RPM from `_{foreman-example-com}_/pub/katello-ca-consumer-latest.noarch.rpm` and then run Subscription Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install the consumer RPM from `_{foreman-example-com}_/pub/katello-ca-consumer-latest.noarch.rpm` and then run `subscription-manager`.
```

This only works on EL systems; not Debian/Ubuntu. You run `katello-rhsm-consumer` on Debian/Ubuntu: https://docs.orcharhino.com/or/docs/sources/guides/debian/managing_hosts/registering_hosts.html#Registering_Hosts_Running_Debian_or_Ubuntu_Manually

I'd be happy to contribute after your PR has been merged.

Author: I'll try to include it with the methods for non-Satellite.

*(Deprecated)* Bootstrap script::

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> You download the bootstrap script from `_{foreman-example-com}_/pub/bootstrap.py` and run the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the bootstrap script from `_{foreman-example-com}_/pub/bootstrap.py` and run the script on your host.
```

Reviewer: Ignore the first part.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information about this method, see xref:Registering_a_Host_Using_the_Bootstrap_Script_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:Registering_a_Host_Using_the_Bootstrap_Script_{context}[].
```

[id="registration-methods_{context}"]
= Registration Methods

> There are the following methods for registering hosts:

Reviewer: Alternatives:

* You can use the following registration methods
* Project offers the following registration methods
* Use one of the following methods to register hosts to Project
